== README

=== Info

Youtube Video API url: https://www.googleapis.com/youtube/v3/videos?part=id,snippet,statistics&id=KBzmzdnZe14&key=AIzaSyCrYTzqULvWN9b9NInDdQMpf5t5hy9zRSo

Youtube Channels API url: https://www.googleapis.com/youtube/v3/channels?part=snippet&id=UCAHrNGn3hLC9_MilY74RCmg&key=AIzaSyCrYTzqULvWN9b9NInDdQMpf5t5hy9zRSo

Youtube Api Key: AIzaSyCrYTzqULvWN9b9NInDdQMpf5t5hy9zRSo

=== The Goal

The goal is to build a simple api that, given a youtube video id, gives back a json containing data from current video with the following structure:

* provider: The plaform where the post was generated (Youtube, Twitter, etc)
* id: The uniq identifier
* title: The title of the post
* description: Text content
* source: Json dump of the obejct
* published_at: Date when the post was published
* thumbnail: Url to an image representing the post
* canonical_url: The canonical url for the content
* location
  * latitude
  * longitude
* author
  * id: The uniq identifier of the author
  * name: The name of the owner of the post
  * url: The url to the author homepage
  * thumbnail: Url to image representing the author

So, calling this urls:
* /tubes?url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBzmzdnZe14
* /tubes?url=https://youtu.be/KBzmzdnZe14
* /tubes?url=https://www.youtube.com/embed/KBzmzdnZe14

we should get back a json like this

{"provider":"Youtube","id":"KBzmzdnZe14","canonical_url":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBzmzdnZe14","author":{"name":"Rachel Quinn","id":"UCAHrNGn3hLC9_MilY74RCmg","url":"https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAHrNGn3hLC9_MilY74RCmg","thumbnail":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/-csMFdDxvD7I/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/Q-1CcsoKcsI/s240-c-k-no/photo.jpg"},"location":{"latitude":53.349811554,"longitude":-6.26031017303},"title":"Bull Island","description":"","source":{"publishedAt":"2015-09-22T07:59:32.000Z","channelId":"UCAHrNGn3hLC9_MilY74RCmg","title":"Bull Island","description":"","thumbnails":{"default":{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/KBzmzdnZe14/default.jpg","width":120,"height":90},"medium":{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/KBzmzdnZe14/mqdefault.jpg","width":320,"height":180},"high":{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/KBzmzdnZe14/hqdefault.jpg","width":480,"height":360}},"channelTitle":"Rachel Quinn","categoryId":"22","liveBroadcastContent":"none","localized":{"title":"Bull Island","description":""},"defaultAudioLanguage":"en"},"published_at":"2015-09-22T07:59:32.000Z","thumbnail":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/KBzmzdnZe14/hqdefault.jpg"}

=== What We Are Looking For

* Demonstration of craftsmanship and attention to detail - write the code as though you were writing for a production system.
* Use of language idiom and advanced language features, where appropriate.
* An appreciation for design (clear separation of concerns, an understanding of abstraction, cohesion and coupling).
* Use of Object Oriented programming, where appropriate.
* Code that communicates intent (maintainable code).
* An absence of duplication (maintainable code).
* A correct solution.
* A suite of tests or rspecs for the solution.
* Reasonable use of Ruby Gems is permissible and encouraged, so long as no Gem provides the basis for the solution.
